chore(eslint-plugin): deprecate no-var-requires in favor of no-require-imports (#8334)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-require-imports.md

### `allow`

> An array of strings. These strings will be compiled into regular expressions with the `u` flag and be used to test against the imported path. A common use case is to allow importing `package.json`. This is because `package.json` commonly lives outside of the TS root directory, so statically importing it would lead to root directory conflicts, especially with `resolveJsonModule` enabled. You can also use it to allow importing any JSON if your environment doesn't support JSON modules, or use it for other cases where `import` statements cannot work.

Reviewer: [Praise] Nice catch 😄

console.log(require('../package.json').version);
```

### `allowAsImport`

> A boolean. If it's set to `true`, the require statements with an `import` declaration won't be reported. The default value is `false`. If you want to apply the `no-var-requires` rule, then set it to `true`.

Reviewer: [Docs] Two thoughts here:

* We know it's a `boolean` with a default value of `false` from the auto-generated code block earlier in the file.
* Soon, `no-var-requires` will be a distant memory. And these rules have a lot of overlap anyway. So IMO there's no need to explicitly mention it.

```suggestion
If it's set to `true`, the require statements with an `import` declaration won't be reported.
This is useful if you're on an older CommonJS-style codebase and haven't been able to transition to ESM-style imports yet.
```
